Comet to pass by in a
month: Visible to the naked eye
It's an adult matter.
Position of comet tiamat
closest on October 4th
Who are you?
"Tasogare"
Pub mother pub cat's eye
Shrine maiden's sake
From tsukasa: Run, you're late!
Shinjuku station
Jingu high school
Jr yamanote line: 7 min.
Walked to the station with Ms. Okudera
after work, thanks to my feminine powers!
Who are you?
Mitsu ha
Thanks to my feminine powers!
Mitsuha? Who are you? What are you?
Still life drawing
Condition: Sleep? Cause: Unknown
No baths! No looking! No touching!
Braided cords...
Idiot fool
Comet tiamat to reach perigee
I'm almost there. Looking forward to it!
You can get a girlfriend too!
I suffer anxiety but got a girl!
The dos and don'ts of texting.
Photo exhibition: Nostalgia
Mitsuha miyamizu
Mountains in gifu prefecture
Hida mountains
Keep out
Itomori, the town that vanished
meteor strikes, wipes out town
town annihilated
over 500 dead or missing
itomori, the town that vanished
Itomori... comet... damage
List of the names of victims
Mitsuha miyamizu
Worst—ever itomori comet disaster
Tatara iron making site
braided cords of itomori
Around here?
I have to go somewhere. Return to Tokyo
without me. I'll return later. Thanks.
Get well soon, mum.
Who are you?
Mitsu ha
fool
Superimposition... frequency
Club discontinued — keep out
A meteor crater lake
formed 1,200 years ago.
Itomori town hall
Tiamat makes closest approach tomorrow
Itomori substation
Broadcasting room
"I love you"
Line: You have a new message.
8 years since the comet disaster
Evacuation of residents to
high school grounds confirmed
no deaths, 104 wounded
an unprecedented natural disaster
residents safe
disaster foretold?
Mayor miyamizu's hidden agenda
mysterious explosion at the substation
Construction company job interview
Itomori, the town that vanished
October 4, 2013 — itomori vanished.